Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it.-- Alan Kay
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most)in programming.-- Donald Knuth
Lisp has jokingly been called "the most intelligent way to misuse a computer". I think that description is a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts.-- Edsger Dijkstra, CACM, 15:10
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.-- Mark Twain    
What Paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts that are beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real-world level. That's a rare talent to find in writing these days.-- Jeff "Hemos" Bates, Director, OSDN; Co-evolver, Slashdot
Since programmers create programs out of nothing, imagination is our only limitation. Thus, in the world of programming, the hero is the one who has great vision. Paul Graham is one of our contemporary heroes. He has the ability to embrace the vision, and to express it plainly. His works are my favorites, especially the ones describing language design.He explains secrets of programming, languages, and human nature that can only be learned from the hacker experience. This book shows you his great vision, and 
tells you the truth about the nature of hacking.-- Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, creator of Ruby
To follow the path:look to the master,follow the master,walk with the master,see through the master,become the master.-- Modern zen Poem
No problem should ever have to be solved twice.-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Attitude is no substitute for competence.-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow.-- Juan Meng, Reviewing "The future of ideas" by Lawrence Lessig
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it.Geniuses remove it.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in god.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
life is supposed to be suspenseful, if its all calm, your not living. -- Jasper Clark
Being smart means you've realized school is to test if your going to be useful to this world. -- Jasper Clark
Within a computer natural language is unnatural.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write,even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones.-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A little learning is a dangerous thing.-- Alexander Pope
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.-- Eric Raymond
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature,because God is not capricious or arbitrary.-- Frederick P. Brooks, No Silver Bullet.
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals they strived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn to do things, not know things.-- Roger Schank, Engines for Education
We remember what we learn when we care about performing better and when we believe that what we have been asked to do is representative of reality.-- Roger Schank, Engines for Education
There really is no learning without doing.-- Roger Schank, Engines for Education
We really have to get over the idea that some stuff is just worth knowing even if you never do anything with it. Human memories happily erase stuff that has no purpose, so why try to fill up children's heads with such stuff?-- Roger Schank, Engines for Education
La tactique, c'est ce que vous faites quand il y a quelque chose àfaire; la stratégie, c'est ce que vous faites quand il n'y a rien àfaire.-- Xavier Tartacover
The only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are those that finally admit a nicely factored solution.-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them.--E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
This challenge, viz. the confrontation with the programming task, is so unique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves. It should deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creation,it should give us better control over the task of organizing our thoughts. If it did not do so, to my taste we should not deserve thecomputer at all! It has already taught us a few lessons, and the one I have chosen to stress in this talk is the following. We shall do a much better programming job, provided that we approach the task with a full appreciation of its tremendous difficulty, provided that we stick to modest and elegant programming languages, provided that we respect the intrinsic limitations of the human mind and approach the task as VeryHumble Programmers.-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
Ce n'est que par les relations qu'on entretient entre nos différentesconnaissances qu'elles nous restent accessibles.-- Shnuup, sur l'hypertexte (SELFHTML -> Introduction -> Definitions sur l'hypertexte)
“Like to the apples on the Dead Sea’s shore, all ashes to the taste. – Lord Byron"
“Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.  - W. H. Auden"
"Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words. - Mark Twain"
“Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort. – Helen Gurley Brown"
We now come to the decisive step of mathematical abstraction: we forget about what the symbols stand for. ...[The mathematician] need not be idle; there are many operations which he may carry out with these symbols, without ever having to look at the things they stand for.-- Hermann Weyl, The Mathematical Way of Thinking
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn'tneed to look up answers to easy questions".-- Eric Lippert.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection.-- Alan J. Perlis
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.-- Alan J. Perlis
We control complexity by building abstractions that hide details when appropriate. We control complexity by establishing conventional interfaces that enable us to construct systems by combining standard,well-understood pieces in a "mix and match" way. We control complexity by establishing new languages for describing a design, each of which emphasizes particular aspects of the design and deemphasizes others.-- Alan J. Perlis
The acts of the mind, wherein it exerts its power over simple ideas, are chiefly these three: 1. Combining several simple ideas into one compound one, and thus all complex ideas are made. 2. The second is bringing two ideas, whether simple or complex, together, and setting them by one another so as to take a view of them at once, without uniting them into one, by which it gets all its ideas of relations. 3. The third is separating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their real existence: this is called abstraction, and thus all its general ideas are made.-- John Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding (1690)
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing.-- Alan J. Perlis
An interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; compiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language.-- SICP
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.-- Albert Einstein
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "I did not have time."-- WestHost weekly newsletter 14 Feb 2003
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite and disturb him.-- Napoleon Bonaparte (allegedly)
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure.-- Hugh Kingsmill
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other wayis to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult.-- C. A. R. Hoare
And if you go too far up, abstraction-wise, you run out of oxygen.Sometimes smart thinkers just don't know when to stop, and they create these absurd, all-encompassing, high-level pictures of the universe that are all good and fine, but don't actually mean anything at all.-- Joel Spolsky
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and hubris.-- Larry Wall (Programming Perl)
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky.-- Joel Spolsky (The Law of Leaky Abstractions)
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis.-- Guido van Rossum
Premature abstraction is an equally grievous sin as premature optimization.-- Keith Devens
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization.-- Bjarne Stroustrup
He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous.-- Matthew 5:45
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing.-- Alan Perlis
Je n'ai fait celle-ci plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le loisirde la faire plus courte. (I have made this letter so long only because I did not have the leisure 
to make it shorter.)-- Blaise Pascal (Lettres Provinciales)
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.-- Blaise Pascal (attributed)
Everybody makes their own fun. If you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun -- it's entertainment.-- David Mamet (as relayed by Joss Whedon)
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *lines produced* but as *lines spent*.-- Edsger Dijkstra
Sometimes a man with too broad a perspective reveals himself as having no real perspective at all. A man who tries too hard to see every side may be a man who is trying to avoid choosing any side. A man who tries too hard to seek a deeper truth may be trying to hide from the truth he already knows. That is not a sign of intellectual sophistication and "great thinking". It is a demonstration of moral degeneracy and cowardice.-- Steven Den Beste
Omit needless words.-- William Strunk, Jr. (The Elements of Style)
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.-- Galileo Galilei
A society that puts equality -- in the sense of equality of outcome --ahead of freedom will end up with neither equality nor freedom. The use of force to achieve equality will destroy freedom, and the force,introduced for good purposes, will end up in the hands of people who use it to promote their own interests.-- Milton Friedman (Thomas Sowell: A Conflict of Visions, p130)
Philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes by instinct.-- Brave New World (paraphrased)
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies, The robber barons cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated;but those who torment us for own good will torment us without 
end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.-- C.S. Lewis
Fools! Don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon?-- Catwoman (The Batman TV Series, episode 83)
It's like a condom; I'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it.-- some chick in Alien vs. Predator, when asked why she always carries a gun
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce.-- Scott McKay
Simplicity takes effort-- genius, even.-- Paul Graham
Show, don't tell.-- unknown
In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me?-- David (Psalm 56:4)
Linux is only free if your time has no value.-- Jamie Zawinski
Code is poetry.-- wordpress.org
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.-- Rush (Freewill)
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.-- Alfred North Whitehead (Introduction to Mathematics)
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.-- Cicero
The reason to do animation is caricature. Good caricature picks out the essence of the statement and removes everything else. It's not simply about reproducing reality; It's about bumping it up.-- Brad Bird, writer and director, The Incredibles
Mistakes were made.-- Ronald Reagan
I would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who proves to be right. The former sometimes wins, but never the latter.-- "Hoots"
What is truth?-- Pontius Pilate
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it.-- Ferris Bueller
Lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you finally get it; that experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never actually use Lisp itself a lot.-- Eric S. Raymond
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc,informally specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of CommonLisp.-- Philip Greenspun (Greenspun's Tenth Rule)
I was talking recently to a friend who teaches at MIT. His field is hot now and every year he is inundated by applications from would-be graduate students. "A lot of them seem smart," he said. "
seem smart," he said. "What I can't tell is whether they have any kind of taste."-- Paul Graham
The direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life.-- Donald Campbell
It's no trick for talented people to be interesting, but it's a gift to be interested. We want an organization filled with interested people.-- Randy S. Nelson (dean of Pixar University)
"NASA spent millions of dollars inventing the ball-point pen so they could write in space. The Russians took a pencil."
"You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty."
"Always try to rub up against money, for if you rub against money long enough, some of it may rub off on you"
"The day we stop exploring is the day we commit ourselves to live in a stagnant world, devoid of curiosity, empty of dreams."
"Every man should make his son learn some useful trade or profession, so that in these days of changing fortunes … they may have something tangible to fall back upon."
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries."
"People who cannot find time for recreation are sooner or later to find time for illness."
"At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst."
"Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too"
"For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return."
"No one starts a war – or rather, no one in his senses ought to do so – without first being clear in his mind what he intends to achieve by that war and how he intends to conduct it"
"I think the human race made a big mistake at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, we leaped for the mechanical things. People need the use of their hands to feel creative."
"It's not you, it's the world." -- Jasper Clark
"Don't desire happiness because it creates only unhappiness and nothing else."
"Timing, chance and chaos is the reason." -- Jasper Clark
"Let it all go. See what stays." 
"Janus did it, why can't you?" -- Jasper Clark
"To understand how this world works, Dionysus would know." -- Jasper Clark
"Chaos leads but put it in the wrong manner it scares." -- Jasper Clark
"The bar's will always seem higher as you climb." -- Jasper Clark
"To do nothing is the real equality to strive for." -- Jasper Clark
"Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love."
"Nothing on earth is permanent, not even your suffering."
"Walk in the rain so no one sees your tears."
"There are worse things than feeling alone. Things like being with someone and still feeling alone."
"Not every "sorry" deserves an "it's okay" in returns."
"Life is a matter of perspective. There are many people who may know you, but there are very few who understand who you are."
"So many feelings so unsaid."
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything."
""The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept."― George Carlin"
"'The truth is rarely pure and never simple.' ― Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest"
""Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood." ― George Orwell, 1984"
Freedom is slavery, war is peace and ignorance is strength.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. ~Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. ~John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. ~Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. ~Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. ~Anonymous
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. ~Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. ~Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. ~Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous
Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. ~Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. ~Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. ~Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. ~David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. ~Henry Ford
If you're going through hell, keep going. ~Winston Churchill
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. ~Anonymous
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. ~Anonymous
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.~ Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. ~Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. ~Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. ~Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.~ Anonymous
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. ~Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. ~Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. ~Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. ~Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything. ~Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. ~Steve Jobs
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. ~Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. ~Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. ~Napolean Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. ~Robert Collier
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. ~Thomas J. Watson
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. ~Michael John Bobak
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. ~Philippos
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear. ~Mark Twain
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. ~Pablo Picasso
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. ~Earl Nightingale
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place. ~Guy Kawasaki
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. ~Martha Stewart
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Anonymous
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. ~Colin R. Davis
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. ~Ralph Nader
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. ~Maya Angelou
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. ~Bill Gates
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. ~Henry Kravis
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. ~Mark Caine
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. ~Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. ~Audre Lorde
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~Mark Twain
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. ~Bruce Lee
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~Dale Carnegie
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. ~ Jim Rohn
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient. ~Gurbaksh Chahal
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. ~Robert Kiyosaki
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! ~T. Harv Eker
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. ~Steve Jobs
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do don't wish it were easier, wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. ~Napoleon Hill
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. ~Denis Watiley
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. ~Jane Smiley
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. ~George Bernard Shaw
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. ~Diane Ackerman
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. ~Jim Ryun
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. ~Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. ~Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. ~Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. ~George Lorimer
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. ~Mike Kafka
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. ~ John C. Maxwell
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~Wayne Dyer
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.~ Anatole France
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. ~Dale Carnegie
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~Theodore N. Vail
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. ~Herman Melville
Fortune sides with him who dares. ~Virgil
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune, but great minds rise above it. ~Washington Irving
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John R. Wooden
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. ~Margaret Thatcher
"Yucky" -- Reilly O'donnell
“Like to the apples on the Dead Sea’s shore, all ashes to the taste. – Lord Byron"
“Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.  - W. H. Auden"
"Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words. - Mark Twain"
“Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort. – Helen Gurley Brown"
“The Lord made us all out of iron. Then he turns up the heat to forge some of us into steel. – Marie Osmond"
“I cannot imagine any condition which would cause a ship to founder … Modern shipbuilding has gone beyond that. – Capt. E.J. Smith, RMS Titanic"
“If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics. – Galileo Galilei"
“Not all who wander are lost. – J.R.R. Tolkien"
“Claims that cannot be tested, assertions immune to disproof are veridically worthless, whatever value they may have in inspiring us or exciting our sense of wonder. – Carl Sagan"
“Never criticize a rifleman until you have walked a mile in his shoes. That way, he’ll be barefoot and you’ll be out of range. – The 2nd Target Company"
“Chemists do not usually stutter. It would be very awkward if they did, seeing that they have at times to get out such words as methylethylamylophenylium. – Sir William Crookes"
“When you launch a rocket, you’re not really flying that rocket. You’re just sort of hanging on. – Michael P. Anderson"
"The longer you wait the harder it will be - Arlo Campos"
